What's wrong? Don't you look good?
good looking
Let's go
Hey wife
You go in first
I have some business to attend to
Yeah.
Hello
Stretch boo
Don't expose my identity as the Lord God of Lu Shengu
What did the young master ask you to check?
Just as you think, young master, nine times out of ten, the empress is the true god behind the black gold group
I came to sea
Those people in the Chen family probably already know
I'm worried that Ling Han will kill my ex because of me
When the Empress of Beijing worshipped Wang Feng, I gave her some encouragement
He owes me a debt of gratitude
I'm going to find him, I'm in trouble
Understand go
Go see the black golden body and come to Xu Donglai